Correct example sketch names (#1643)
arduino/docs-content: content/hardware/04.pro/shields/portenta-vision-shield/tutorials/speech-recognition-engine/content.md

Author: Thanks for the suggestion. I have now made the suggested change: [`28ffb82` (#1643)](https://github.com/arduino/docs-content/pull/1643/commits/28ffb82f03847bc6a0df7a5c4a92f4c4f871551c)

To use the Arduino Speech Recognition Engine, you will need a free trial license or paid license. In any of the cases, the serial number of the board that you are using is necessary to activate the license.

> To get your board's serial number, and once you have the library downloaded, navigate to **File > Examples > DSpotterSDK_Maker_33BLE/NiclaVision/PortentaH7/RP2040 > GetSerialNumber**.

Author: Thanks for the suggestion. I have now made the suggested change: [`28ffb82` (#1643)](https://github.com/arduino/docs-content/pull/1643/commits/28ffb82f03847bc6a0df7a5c4a92f4c4f871551c)

You will now get some files in your e-mail inbox. Download them to your computer.

> On the IDE, open the example **File > Examples > DSpotterSDK_Maker_33BLE/NiclaVision/PortentaH7/RP2040 > VoiceRecognition** and click **File > Save As...** and type a name for your sketch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the IDE, open the example **File -> Examples -> DSpotterSDK_<board_name> -> VoiceRecognition** and click **File -> Save As...** and type a name for your sketch.
```

Author: Thanks for the suggestion. I have now made the suggested change: [`28ffb82` (#1643)](https://github.com/arduino/docs-content/pull/1643/commits/28ffb82f03847bc6a0df7a5c4a92f4c4f871551c)
